README.md, before:

# redux-storage-engine-jsurl

> Store your state as url hash via [redux-storage](https://github.com/react-stack/redux-storage) and [jsurl](https://github.com/Sage/jsurl)

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl/master.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://circleci.com/gh/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl)
![David](https://img.shields.io/david/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl.svg)
![David](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl.svg)

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://axe312.mit-license.org)
[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/redux-storage-engine-jsurl.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux-storage-engine-jsurl)
[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/feross/standard)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

With this engine, you allow your users to share their application state via the URL.

It stores your passed state in the `window.location.hash` property using `window.pushState()`. With [jsurl](https://github.com/Sage/jsurl) the stored state after the fragment identifier is kind of human readable.

## Install

```js
npm install --save redux-storage-engine-jsurl
```

## Usage

Just use it as any other redux-storage engine. If your environment does not support the import syntax, see further below.

```js
import createEngine from 'redux-storage-engine-jsurl'

// In case your loader does not support the package.json module entry:
import createEngine from 'redux-storage-engine-jsurl/dist/es-modules'

const engine = createEngine()
```

### Node 6
```js
const createEngine = require('redux-storage-engine-jsurl')
const engine = createEngine()
```

### Node 4
A version for the LTS version of node is also supplied. You can require it like this:

```js
const createEngine = require('redux-storage-engine-jsurl/dist/node4')
const engine = createEngine()
```

## Options

There are no options to set. I recommend to combine the engine with [redux-storage-decorator-filter](https://github.com/react-stack/redux-storage-decorator-filter) and [redux-storage-decorator-debounce](https://github.com/react-stack/redux-storage-decorator-debounce)
to store only parts of your state in the url and avoid spamming `window.pushState()`.

## Development

This project follows the [standard](https://github.com/feross/standard) coding and the [conventional changelog](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/conventional-changelog-angular/blob/master/convention.md) commit message style. Also it is configured to never decrease the code coverage of its tests.

Also make sure you check out all available npm scripts via `npm run`.

## Contributing

Pull requests and stars are always welcome. For bugs and feature requests, [please create an issue](https://github.com/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl/issues/new).
But before doing anything, please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines.

Commit message:

build(babel): fix usage of babel-preset-env and proper es-modules version (#4)

README.md, after:

# redux-storage-engine-jsurl

> Store your state as url hash via [redux-storage](https://github.com/react-stack/redux-storage) and [jsurl](https://github.com/Sage/jsurl)

[![Build Status](https://img.shields.io/circleci/project/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl/master.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://circleci.com/gh/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl)
![David](https://img.shields.io/david/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl.svg)
![David](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl.svg)

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://axe312.mit-license.org)
[![NPM Version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/redux-storage-engine-jsurl.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/redux-storage-engine-jsurl)
[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/feross/standard)
[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![Commitizen friendly](https://img.shields.io/badge/commitizen-friendly-brightgreen.svg)](http://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![Greenkeeper badge](https://badges.greenkeeper.io/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl.svg)](https://greenkeeper.io/)

With this engine, you allow your users to share their application state via the URL.

It stores your passed state in the `window.location.hash` property using `window.pushState()`. With [jsurl](https://github.com/Sage/jsurl) the stored state after the fragment identifier is kind of human readable.

## Install

```js
npm install --save redux-storage-engine-jsurl
```

## Usage

Just use it as any other redux-storage engine. If your environment does not support the import syntax, see further below.

```js
import createEngine from 'redux-storage-engine-jsurl'

// In case your loader does not support the package.json module entry:
import createEngine from 'redux-storage-engine-jsurl/dist/es-modules'

const engine = createEngine()
```

This is a ES5 variant using ES2015 modules instead of CommonJS. Best option when u want to use
tree shaking & and use UglifyJS2 until it is ready for [ES6](https://github.com/webpack/webpack/issues/2545).

### Node 6
```js
const createEngine = require('redux-storage-engine-jsurl')
const engine = createEngine()
```

### Node 4
A version for the LTS version of node is also supplied. You can require it like this:

```js
const createEngine = require('redux-storage-engine-jsurl/dist/node4')
const engine = createEngine()
```

## Options

There are no options to set. I recommend to combine the engine with [redux-storage-decorator-filter](https://github.com/react-stack/redux-storage-decorator-filter) and [redux-storage-decorator-debounce](https://github.com/react-stack/redux-storage-decorator-debounce)
to store only parts of your state in the url and avoid spamming `window.pushState()`.

## Development

This project follows the [standard](https://github.com/feross/standard) coding and the [conventional changelog](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/conventional-changelog-angular/blob/master/convention.md) commit message style. Also it is configured to never decrease the code coverage of its tests.

Also make sure you check out all available npm scripts via `npm run`.

## Contributing

Pull requests and stars are always welcome. For bugs and feature requests, [please create an issue](https://github.com/axe312ger/redux-storage-engine-jsurl/issues/new).
But before doing anything, please read the [CONTRIBUTING.md](./CONTRIBUTING.md) guidelines.
